# HackerRank-Automation-Script
Execution of hacker rank automated code submission script using NodeJS

To run this script following must be installed on the machine:
              -> NodeJS
              -> Puppeteer => can be installed after installing NodeJS by simply typing [npm i puppeteer-core] on the terminal
The script can be executed by typing simple command on the terminal “node scriptname.js”, this will fire up the chromium browser which will first visit to the Google’s official webpage and will start typing the web address to hacker rank website in the search bar. After that it will click on the first link and authentication page will appear, which asks for login credentials. All the necessary details like links to visit, login id and password are saved in separate JSON file so that the script looks tidy and clean.
After clicking onto the first link in browser the Hacker Rank authentication page can be seen where they ask for the login credentials. The script takes the data from JSON file and put that into the input box shown on the dashboard. The next page after clicking onto login is the main dashboard of the website, where various topics are displayed, which contains variety of questions. The script will click on the algorithm section and later visit the warmup section under algorithms. After this step few problems can be seen onto the screen, now the script will count the number of problems displayed under this section and will put them in an array. Here, array is used so that questions can be solved in sequence using the indexing mechanism of arrays.
The 0th question of the array will be open and the script will again visit the ans.js file which resides in the local directory, and start typing the code in the provided input field for the solution. After completing the whole solution, the script will automatically click on the “submit” button given in the bottom left corner of the screen. This will initiate the test case verification process by the website itself and will show us how many test cases have been passed by the given solution to the problem. After this step the script will itself move on to solve the next question in the array. Finally, after solving all the questions of the array the script will stop automatically and chromium can be closed. 
